This moment here is really the moment when the embryo will start to accelerate its growth.
And look what will happen, there will be a complete coiling of the brain.
And look what will happen here, there will be three levels of external information
by this rhythmicity.
Firstly, we will see that the brain here, look, comes
to coil around the heart.
And in fact, there will be information.
information at the level of the optic placodes on the heart.
We can almost say that the eyes will settle on the heart.
You will see another piece of information, look what will happen here.
We will see the outline of my limbs coming to rest on the
heart.
You see?
Which completely informs the heart.
Don't forget that the heart receives information.
very important on the level
neural crest
so on a level
that we can feel the heart
at a distance, an electromagnetic plane
and it will inform
your hands on a rhythmic plane
it will inform your eyes
and you will have another
part that we don't see
but it will also have in this coiling
the entire thyroid system
which comes to rest on the heart
with a moment
At some point, the opening here of the upward development
which will form what we call the vocal cord system.
We say the tongue is the bud of the heart.
But if we look, the tongue will give me my thyroid.
It will inform.
This means that when I touch someone,
I will touch them with information received from my heart.
I must keep this connection.
You will see that it will greatly change your perception.
When I look...
someone, I must look at them with my heart. They are connected and informed
on a plane
embryonic. They receive pure information. It is electromagnetic information.
Thirdly, when I speak, I must speak with my heart. I receive this information
thyroid. I receive electrical information. So I have three magnetic fields
of information. When we receive this information, we must be very attentive to our thoughts.
We must be very attentive to our touch.
We must be very attentive to our gaze.
Your hands are first made to receive and then to give.
But the first function comes from the rhythm of the heart,
which gave your neurosensitivity of the hand.
This heart, it completely does this.
And then, it opens up.
And what is the heart?
It's love.
It's joy.